Lakenheath is host to the largest USAF base in the United Kingdom , RAF Lakenheath .
Danbury is a city in northern Fairfield County , Connecticut , United States .
In 1997 , after a failed engagement to a Muslim girl while he was attending Northeastern University , he started a Yahoo !
It initially was completely dark , but as Voyager 2 approached the planet , a bright core developed and can be seen in most of the highest-resolution images .
The Thinker was originally meant to depict Dante in front of the Gates of Hell , pondering his great poem .
They are sometimes confused with phasmids -LRB- stick\/leaf insects -RRB- and other elongated insects such as grasshoppers and crickets .
Like other organs of the lymphatic system , some believe them to be involved in helping fight off pharyngeal and upper respiratory tract infections , but there is no conclusive evidence to that effect .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals .
The word `` unbreakable '' has three morphemes : `` un - '' , a bound morpheme ; `` break '' , a free morpheme ; and '' - able '' , a bound morpheme . `` un - '' is also a prefix , '' - able '' is a suffix .
For a time it worked in alliance with Hindu communities and was supported by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi , who was a member of the Central Khilafat Committee .
In 2006 , a study showing that the malaria mosquito -LRB- Anopheles gambiae -RRB- is attracted equally to the smell of Limburger and to the smell of human feet earned the Ig Nobel Prize in the area of biology .
It is a diverse group that includes tyrannosaurs , ornithomimosaurs , and maniraptors ; Maniraptora includes birds , the only descendents of coelurosaurs alive today .
At one time the fuel was widely used in kerosene lamps and lanterns .
France has a close association with the Modern Olympic Games ; it was a French aristocrat , Baron Pierre de Coubertin , who suggested the Games ' revival , at the end of the 19th century .
Su Ã 1\/4 le Jumal valvaku mu armas isamaa !
In 1970 , Virginia Commonwealth University , also located in Richmond , named its main campus library `` James Branch Cabell Library '' in his honor .
Schiff was a Directorâ s Fellow at the Center for Scholars and Writers at the New York Public Library .
Joint custody is an arrangement whereby both parents have legal custody and\/or both parents have physical custody .
The city is located along I-10 , 11 miles east of Mobile and 150 miles southwest of the state capital of Montgomery .
Roure is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Responding to the verdict , United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Navanethem Pillay expressed concern at the deterioration of political rights in China .
He would also play in the World Hockey Association with the Chicago Cougars , Los Angeles Sharks , Michigan Stags , and New York Golden Blades .
Ryang Yong-Gi -LRB- ; born 7 January 1982 in Tadaoka , Osaka -RRB- is a Japanese-born North Korean footballer who plays for Vegalta Sendai in the J. League Division 1 .
Andrew Manze -LRB- born 14 January 1965 , Beckenham -RRB- is an English baroque violinist and conductor .
The powerful winds damaged ten houses , including destroying the roofs of three , and blew out windows across the island .
Lindsay Ann Davenport -LRB- born June 8 , 1976 in Palos Verdes , California -RRB- is a former World No. 1 American professional tennis player .
Sugarcane stems are a major source of sugar .
A possum -LRB- plural form : possums -RRB- is any of about 69 small to medium-sized arboreal marsupial species native to Australia , New Guinea , and Sulawesi -LRB- and introduced to New Zealand and China -RRB- .
Since cadmium compounds are often found in association with zinc ores , cadmium oxide is a common by-product of zinc refining . It is produced by burning elemental cadmium in air .
Le Mesnil-Caussois is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
How sweet the sound That saved a wretch like me .
The Miller and Urey experiment -LRB- or Ureyâ `` Miller experiment -RRB- was an experiment that simulated hypothetical conditions thought at the time to be present on the early Earth , and tested for the occurrence of chemical origins of life .
During this time , he composed his two last masterpieces : Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria -LRB- The Return of Ulysses , 1640 -RRB- , and the historic opera , L'incoronazione di Poppea , -LRB- The Coronation of Poppea , 1642 -RRB- , based on an episode in the life of the Roman emperor Nero . The libretto for Il ritorno d'Ulisse was by Giacomo Badoarro and for L'incoronazione di Poppea by Giovanni Busenello .
Kevin Tighe returns as Anthony Cooper , Locke 's father .
The 2009 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts , held from August 31 to September 14 , 2009 in the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center at Flushing Meadows , New York City , United States .
Harry had started various magazines and newspapers before attending the Liverpool College of Art , with fellow students John Lennon and Stuart Sutcliffe , who both later performed with The Beatles .
A lunar phase or phase of the moon is the appearance of the illuminated -LRB- lit-up -RRB- portion of the Moon as seen by an observer , usually on Earth .
Harrodsburg was the first seat of Kentucky County .
He was educated privately and later studied at the Royal Academy of Music , and with George Oldroyd .
Lakhdar Belloumi -LRB- born December 29 , 1958 in Mascara , Algeria -RRB- is a former Algerian football player and manager .
In 1880 Antonio Bajamonti -LRB- the last Dalmatian Italian Major of Spalato under Austrian rule -RRB- developed an urbanization project of this city centered on the `` Riva '' , a seaside walkway full of palms based on the Italian Riviera models .
Diego ForlÃ n Corazo -LRB- ; born 19 May 1979 in Montevideo -RRB- is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays as a striker for AtlÃ tico Madrid and the Uruguayan national team .
Piquet made statements to the FÃ dÃ ration Internationale de l'Automobile -LRB- FIA -RRB- that it had been deliberate , and he had been asked by Renault team principal Flavio Briatore and engineer Pat Symonds to stage the crash .
There were 12 summer fish camps located on the Yukon River between the Koyukuk River and the Nowitna River .
This skepticism can range from disbelief in contemporary philosophical solutions , to agnosticism , to rejecting the reality of the external world .
The explosion killed 11 men working on the platform and injured 17 others .
He is known for playing in the style of an agitator and for his ascension to the NHL from being an undrafted player in the ECHL .
Nuclear proliferation is a term now used to describe the spread of nuclear weapons , fissile material , and weapons-applicable nuclear technology and information , to nations which are not recognized as `` Nuclear Weapon States '' by the Treaty on the Nonproliferation of Nuclear Weapons , also known as the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty or NPT .
Stoke Newington railway station links Stoke Newington to Liverpool Street in central London , and to Cheshunt and Enfield Town further north .
At the yacht trip , Gregg , Jenn , and Katie were enjoying their massage therapy , their loved ones -LRB- Gregg 's best friend , Jenn 's sister , and Katie 's brother-in-law -RRB- appeared as an additional reward .
Masashi Tashiro is a former Japanese television performer and the founding member of the band Rats & Star who was born on August 31 , 1956 in Karatsu , Saga Prefecture , Japan .
Pairs of enantiomers are often designated as `` right - '' and `` left-handed . ''
In mathematics , a rational number is any number that can be expressed as the quotient or fraction a\/b of two integers , with the denominator b not equal to zero . Since b may be equal to 1 , every integer is a rational number .
This shift is due to good flavor , better roasting characteristics and higher yields when compared to Spanish types leading to food manufacturers ' preference for use in peanut butter and salting .
MARF , its applications , and the corresponding source code and documentation are released under the BSD-style license .
According to medieval Armenian sources , the settlement was first mentioned as Vararakn -LRB- Õ Õ Ö Õ Ö Õ Õ Õ , meaning `` rapid spring '' in Armenian -RRB- which it remained until it was renamed Khankendi in 1847 .
The Ohio buckeye is the state tree of Ohio and an original term of endearment for the pioneers on the Ohio frontier , with specific association with William Henry Harrison .
Loire-Atlantique is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution on March 4 , 1790 .
The British gave Arnold a brigadier general 's commission with an annual income of several hundred pounds , but only paid him Â # 6,315 plus an annual pension of Â # 360 because his plot failed .
Some of them are the followers of Christianity .
Henry Richard `` Huntz '' Hall -LRB- August 15 , 1919 ; -- January 30 , 1999 -RRB- was an American radio , theatrical , and motion picture performer noted primarily for his roles in the `` Dead End Kids '' movies , such as Angels with Dirty Faces -LRB- 1938 -RRB- , which gave way to the `` The Bowery Boys '' movie franchise , a prolific and highly successful series of comedies in the 1940s and 1950s .
It includes parts of Buckinghamshire , Berkshire , North Hampshire , Surrey and west London .
Its entrance is marked by a square `` studio arch , '' much like a real Hollywood studio lot entrance might be marked .
The building was moved to its present location in 1832 and served as a school before it became a museum .
The scale is named after RenÃ Antoine Ferchault de RÃ aumur , who first proposed something similar in 1730 .
Since 2001 , the Museum has embarked on a major Â # 150m renovation program which has seen a major overhaul of the departments including the introduction of newer galleries , gardens , shops and visitor facilities .
The finding discovered in 1985 by Alan Walker in West Turkana , Kenya , KNM WT 17000 -LRB- known as the `` Black Skull '' due to the dark coloration of the bone , caused by high levels of manganese -RRB- , is one of the earliest examples of robust pliocene hominids .
Indiana 's work often consists of bold , simple , iconic images , especially numbers and short words like EAT , HUG , and , his best known example , LOVE .
Yomi , the Japanese word for the underworld in which horrible creatures guard the exits ; according to Shinto mythology as related in Kojiki , this is where the dead go to dwell and apparently rot indefinitely .
Whatever the veracity of such reports , it is extremely rare that a shark will feed on a pilot fish , and smaller pilot fish are frequently observed swimming into sharks ' mouths to clean away fragments of food from between their teeth .
All power plants must emit a certain amount of heat during electricity generation . This can be released into the natural environment through cooling towers , flue gas , or by other means .
A continent is one of several large landmasses on Earth .
It was first published on 6 August 1996 .
Symmetric-key algorithms are a class of algorithms for cryptography that use trivially related , often identical , cryptographic keys for both decryption and encryption etc.
-LRB- 8 -RRB- It has now been determined that Europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains ambiguous .
From 1885 to 1887 he was Kapellmeister in Danzig , then until 1889 in Hamburg , and until 1891 in Mannheim . From 1891 he was Kapellmeister of the Royal Opera and conductor of symphony concerts in Berlin ; he resigned from the Opera , though continuing to conduct the Symphony concerts , and settled in Munich , where he incurred the enmity of Rudolf Louis and Ludwig Thuille .
Yoshihiro Natsuka -LRB- born October 7 , 1969 in Funabashi , Chiba , Japan -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
Ohio State is currently ranked by U.S. News & World Report as the best public university in Ohio , among the top 130 universities in the world , among the top 60 universities in the United States , and among the top 20 public universities in the United States . Ohio State has been officially designated as the flagship institution of Ohio 's public universities by the newly centralized University System of Ohio .
When a substance is heated , its particles begin moving more and thus usually maintain a greater average separation .
Columbus had most success with the first film in the Harry Potter series , Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , along with Home Alone , winning a British Comedy Award for Best Comedy Film .
Some PDAs also have a USB port , mainly for USB flash drives .
The product was launched in 1987 in Austria , in a carbonated format .
The pound sign is included within s-line so it is n't necessary .
Additionally , modern CPUs ' execution units are usually pipelined .
No further edits should be made to this page .
The interiors of the stations resemble that of the former western Soviet nations , with chandeliers hanging from the corridors .
Determining what records have enduring value can be challenging .
New renewables -LRB- small hydro , modern biomass , wind , solar , geothermal , and biofuels -RRB- accounted for another 2.7 % and are growing very rapidly .
The musicians live up to their reputation as feuding siblings by getting sidetracked into a curse-laden argument over an incident that happened on a ferry .
V. That Man that shall strike another whilst these Articles are in force , shall receive Mosesâ s Law -LRB- that is , 40 Stripes lacking one -RRB- on the bare Back .
Hepburn was educated at the Oxford School -LRB- now Kingswood-Oxford School -RRB- in West Hartford , Connecticut , before going on to Bryn Mawr College .
Oda Nobunaga June 23 , 1534 -- June 21 , 1582 -RCB- -RCB- was the initiator of the unification of Japan under the rule of the shogun in the late 16th century , a rule that ended only with the opening of Japan to the Western world in 1868 . He was also a major daimyo during the Sengoku period of Japanese history .
Thereafter she dominated Hugo 's education and upbringing .
Class 380 is the designation given to a class of electric multiple unit trains which operate on the national railway network in Scotland .
In his memoirs , Lee refers to his immigrant background as a fourth-generation Chinese Singaporean : his Hakka great-grandfather , Lee Bok Boon -LRB- born 1846 -RRB- , emigrated from the Dapu county of Guangdong province to the Straits Settlements in 1862 .
Rosnay is a commune in the VendÃ e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Leadership at prayer falls into three categories , depending on the type of prayer : five daily prayers , Friday prayer , or optional prayers .
Later , the inventor created a set of `` marks '' on the Ln scale to extend the range beyond the 2.3 limit , but Pickett never incorporated these marks on any of its slide rules .
Adams won the British Championship in 1989 at the age of seventeen .
However , the policy of privatisation was pursued .
After the constitutional amendment bill has passed both the parliamentary stage and the referendum , it then receives Royal Assent .
For those , please use .
However , the interiors of Great Dark Spots are relatively cloud-free , and unlike Jupiter 's spot , which has lasted for hundreds of years , their lifetimes appear to be much shorter , forming and dissipating once every few years or so .
Technical origami , also known as origami sekkei , is a field of origami that has developed almost hand-in-hand with the field of mathematical origami .
Hans Enoksen -LRB- born 7 August 1956 in Itilleq , Greenland -RRB- is a Greenlandic politician who served as the fourth Prime Minister of Greenland from 2002 to 2009 .
Evelyn discovers that during Ninny 's temporary stay at the nursing home , Ninny 's house was condemned and torn down . Evelyn , having become good friends with Ninny , offers her a room in her home which Ninny accepts .
He made his solo debut on 6 January 1933 playing the Brahms Violin Concerto with the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra under Romanian conductor George Georgescu .
Louisiana 's hurricane evacuation plan calls for local governments in areas along and near the coast to call for evacuations in three phases , starting with the immediate coast 50 hours before the start of tropical storm force winds .
Aarau capitulated after a short resistance , and was forced to swear allegiance to the new rulers .
Methanol had long provided a safer alternative to gasoline .
The highest elevation point is 243 m on Dunstable Downs in the Chilterns .
Amish people forbid any sort of graven image , such as photographs .
Legendary coach Robert Neyland held Hickman in hig regard .
90 active medical brigades were sent to the region to reduce the risk of infections amongst the affected population .
When the communists established People 's Republic of China in 1949 , the capital of Peking was renamed Beijing and the university was therefore renamed as Beijing Normal University . During a national initiative of university rearrangement in 1952 , Fu Jen Catholic University merged with Beijing Normal University .
As of 2006 , the city of West Sacramento took responsibility for the Port of Sacramento .
Throughout the series , Rowling wrote Harry Potter as a gifted wizard apprentice .
Each new county and district was divided into electoral divisions , known as wards in the districts .
Lilly Pulitzer was born to a socialite family in Roslyn , New York on November 10 , 1931 ; Lilly Lee was her nickname among her friends .
Oberrohrdorf is a municipality in the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The largest consumer of tellurium is metallurgy , where it is used in iron , copper and lead alloys .
The company is best known as a manufacturer of narrow and standard gauge diesel locomotives and also of steam shovels .
While the birthday attack attempts to find two values in the domain of a function that map to the same value in its range , the meet-in-the-middle attack attempts to find a value in each of the range and domain of the composition of two functions such that the forward mapping of one through the first function is the same as the inverse image of the other through the second function -- quite literally meeting in the middle of the composed function .
A typical short term goal of artivists is to reclaim public space , especially by subvertising or destroying ads in urban areas or city transportation systems .
Carter joined the Royal Navy in 1864 , serving as an Assistant Clerk on the , being transferred in 1866 to .
It moved northwest through the Bahamas on the 21st , and hit Cape Hatteras on August 24 .
As of 2000 , the population was 33,647 .
Timothy Francis Leary -LRB- October 22 , 1920 -- May 31 , 1996 -RRB- was a highly influential American psychologist and writer , known in later life for advocating advanced research into the therapeutic benefits of psychedelic drugs .
Indium is a chemical element with chemical symbol In and atomic number 49 .
Gellar left All My Children in 1995 .
Port Isabel and Brazos Santiago saw great destruction , while other towns had higher than normal tides .
Flair agreed , however , the Board also reserved the right to review the ownership status of the WWF following WrestleMania .
As late as 2001 , Mark Norell and colleagues analyzed a large survey of coelurosaur fossils and produced the tentative result that dromaeosaurids were most closely related to birds , with troodontids as a more distant outgroup .
Traction motor refers to an electric motor providing the primary rotational torque of a machine , usually for conversion into linear motion -LRB- traction -RRB- .
Some plant products have been found to be effective anti-pruritics , others not .
Whether ancient Angeln conformed to these borders is uncertain . It may have been somewhat larger ; however , the ancient sources mainly concur that it included the territory of modern Angeln .
Unlike most century years , the year 2400 is a leap year , and the first century leap year since 2000 .
It may take the form of a simple bow of the head , or a slight incline of the upper body . A profound bow is a deep bow from the waist , and is often done as a substitution for genuflection .
It was the fifth annual Vengeance event .
In any right triangle , the area of the square whose side is the hypotenuse -LRB- the side opposite the right angle -RRB- is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares whose sides are the two legs -LRB- the two sides that meet at a right angle -RRB- .
The prototypical conjugative plasmid is the F-plasmid , or F-factor .
ge FjÃ rtoft -LRB- born 10 January 1967 in Ã
Mineral exploration is a much more intensive , organized and professional form of mineral prospecting and , though it frequently uses the services of prospecting , the process of mineral exploration on the whole is much more involved .
The subclass Lissamphibia includes all recent amphibians and means smooth amphibia .
The Fedora community continues to thrive and the Fedora distribution has a reputation as being a FOSS distribution that focuses on innovation and close work with upstream Linux communities .
One of his great loves was the artist Duncan Grant , whom he met in 1908 ; he was also involved with the writer Lytton Strachey .
This mineral 's metallic luster and pale-to-normal , brass-yellow hue have earned it the nickname fool 's gold because of its resemblance to gold .
These activities provide sexual pleasure , whether or not used as non-penetrative or penetrative intercourse .
On an oft-quoted take of Parker 's signature song , `` Now 's the Time '' , Davis takes a melodic solo , whose unbop-like quality anticipates the `` cool jazz '' period that would follow . The Parker quintet also toured widely .
`` Blitzkrieg Bop '' is a song by the American punk rock band Ramones .
This is a list of U.S. states by date of statehood , that is , the date when each U.S. state joined the Union .
Satirical novels with fantastic settings such as Gulliver 's Travels by Jonathan Swift may be considered speculative fiction .
The Nile provided a plentiful source of fish .
South Africa was admitted to Test status in 1889 .
He is attracted to her and with jewellery and help from a neighbor , Martha , the devil draws Gretchen into Faust 's arms .
Since the heat pump or refrigerator uses a certain amount of work to move the refrigerant , the amount of energy deposited on the hot side is greater than taken from the cold side . One common type of heat pump works by exploiting the physical properties of an evaporating and condensing fluid known as a refrigerant .
He invested a small fortune taken from the family 's savings to begin a musical career for his daughter , and in 1945 she debuted at a concert hall in Yokohama , at the age of eight , as Kazue Misora , a name proposed by her mother .
Thoth was often considered to be the heartâ '' which , according to the ancient Egyptians , is the seat of intelligence or the mindâ '' and tongue of the sun god Ra , as well as the means by which Ra 's will was translated into speech .
Regulations also govern what may be marketed as `` white chocolate '' : In the United States , since 2004 , white chocolate must be -LRB- by weight -RRB- at least 20 % cocoa butter , 14 % total milk solids , and 3.5 % milk fat , and no more than 55 % sugar or other sweeteners .
Therefore , some parts of the riverâ s course must have been already in existence around this time .
It grew to approximately 20,000 articles and 18 language editions by the end of 2001 .
The passage of the Kansas-Nebraska Act triggered a series of events that became known as Bleeding Kansas .
An appropriate refined clay is partially dried and cast , molded , or hand worked into the desired shape .
Cameron 's wife Noble also starred in the film series , playing Hattie Durham .
In 1943 , during WWII , La Scala was severely damaged by bombing .
Teignmouth is a town and civil parish in Teignbridge in the English county of Devon , situated on the north bank of the estuary mouth of the River Teign .
The product was shipped in over two thousand chests , each containing 140 pounds -LRB- 64 kg -RRB- of opium .
The Southern Skipperling is smaller than the Least Skipper -LRB- it is also the smallest skipper in the United States -RRB- and the underside of the hind wing has a white ray which runs the width of the hind wing from the basal area to the margin .
Aside from its extremely small size , Microraptor was among the first non-avian dinosaurs discovered with the impressions of feathers and wings .
In 1961 , Veeck hired several dwarfs and midgets , including Gaedel , as vendors , so as not to `` block the fans ' view '' of the game .
An estimated US$ 45 billion has been spent by the Saudi Arabian government financing mosques and Islamic schools in foreign countries .
At Louis XV 's instigation , Philip and Ã lisabeth became Duke and Duchess of Parma .
Meave Leakey is married to Richard Leakey , a famous paleontologist .
Finally the present red-and-white design by Christiansen narrowly won over a green-and-white Nordic cross by a vote of fourteen to eleven .
Taylor Pyatt -LRB- born August 19 , 1981 -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who plays for the Phoenix Coyotes of the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- .
brands , while the remaining titles became exclusive to either brand .
Some religious groups do not allow vaccination , and some political groups oppose mandatory vaccination on the grounds of individual liberty .
Jose was the tenth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season and the fourth of six tropical cyclones -LRB- three hurricanes and three tropical storms -RRB- to make landfall in Mexico in that year .
In human anatomy , the trapezius is a large superficial muscle that extends longitudinally from the occipital bone to the lower thoracic vertebrae and laterally to the spine of the scapula -LRB- shoulder blade -RRB- .
The tactics became especially associated with the stormtroopers of the German Army , where they were also called Hutier tactics , after General Oskar von Hutier , who used these tactics to great effect during Operation Michael in March 1918 .
Wonderland is the second album by the British pop band McFly , and a follow up to their debut album Room on the 3rd Floor .
It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 23,571,000 km and is about 42 kilometers in diameter -LRB- assuming albedo of 0.04 -RRB- .
Placard and posters existed from the ancient times .
The Court meets in Washington , D.C. in the United States Supreme Court Building , and consists of a chief justice and eight associate justices who are nominated by the President and confirmed by the Senate .
Deauville is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France .
Most often aluminium adjuvants are used , but adjuvants like squalene are also used in some vaccines and more vaccines with squalene and phosphate adjuvants are being tested .
After leaving Russia , Pavlova moved to London , England , settling in Ivy House on North End Road , Golders Green , near Hampstead Heath where she lived for the rest of her life .
Of the 90,000 men and women that comprise the Armed Forces , 15,000 are civilians and 75,000 are military personnelâ '' 45,800 for land , 13,250 for air , 6,800 for naval forces , and 8,800 in other fields .
The Universityâ s central administration , foreign student office , and several research institutes are located within the allied area of the old town , while the new liberal arts campus , with its modern library , overlooks the city from the east .
Cattle are also fed oats , either whole , or ground into a coarse flour using a roller mill , burr mill , or hammer mill .
The match was won by Cena after he made Mahoney submit .
Both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent odor often associated strongly with mothballs .
Tropical Depression Fifteen strengthened rapidly , became Tropical Storm Marilyn six hours later and Hurricane Marilyn four hours after that .
They add a subtle , but essential , aroma to the dish .
Derby Tramway was the tram system serving the city of Derby -LRB- then a town -RRB- , England .
During this time , the Canadians saw little fighting , with fewer than 100 troops proceeding `` up country '' to Omsk , to serve as administrative staff for 1,500 British troops aiding the White Russian government of Admiral Alexander Kolchak .
A section of seawall 10 m -LRB- 33 ft -RRB- long was also eroded near the track .
Studies compiled by ecologist Robert Costanza in the 1990s argued strongly that even just considering the most basic seventeen of these services , the combined value of the ecosystems of the earth was worth more -LRB- US$ 33T -RRB- each year than the whole human exchange economy -LRB- US$ 25T -RRB- at that time -LRB- 1995 -RRB- .
The university grew out of an association of scholars in the city of Cambridge that was formed , early records suggest , in 1209 by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with townsfolk .
The remnants of Tropical Storm Henriette continued to track across west Texas and southeastern New Mexico as it was being absorbed by a cold front moving through New Mexico .
