Lakenheath is a village and civil parish in Suffolk , England . In 2001 there were 4,490 people living in Lakenheath .
Danbury is a city of Connecticut in the United States .
In 1997 , after a marriage engagement to a Muslim girl did not work out , he began a Yahoo !
It originally was completely dark , but as Voyager came closer to the planet , a bright core developed and is seen in most of the highest resolution images .
The Thinker was originally meant to depict Dante himself in front of the Gates of Hell , considering his great poem .
They are sometimes confused with phasmids -LRB- stick insects -RRB- .
In particular , they are believed to be involved in helping fight off pharyngeal and upper respiratory tract infections .
These are articles about ice hockey players who play or have played in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals .
A morpheme is the smallest linguistic part of a word that can have a meaning , such as `` un - '' , `` break '' , and '' - able '' in the word `` unbreakable '' .
For a time it worked in alliance with Hindu communities and was supported by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi who was a member of the Central Khilafat Committee .
In 2006 a study showing that the malaria mosquito -LRB- Anopheles gambiae -RRB- is attracted equally to the smell of Limburger and to the smell of human feet earned the Ig Nobel Prize in the area of biology .
Maniraptora includes birds , the only descendents of coelurosaurs alive today .
Kerosene is also used in the fuel for jet engines . The most common use for kerosene in Canada and The US is lighting camp lamps .
At the end of the 19th century the Baron Pierre de Coubertin suggested to have Olympic Games again .
Su Ã 1\/4 le Jumal valvaku mu armas isamaa !
In 1970 , Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond named its main campus library `` James Branch Cabell Library '' .
Schiff has received fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation and the National Endowment of the Humanities , and was a Directorâ s Fellow at the Center for Scholars and Writers at the New York Public Library .
There may be `` joint custody '' , which means that both parents have custody over the child .
The city is located just off I-10 , 11 miles east of Mobile , Alabama and 150 miles southwest of Montgomery the State Capital .
Roure is a commune .
Responding to the result in court , United Nations Human Rights Commissioner Navanethem Pillay expressed concern political rights in China becoming worse .
Later in his career he would also play in the World Hockey Association for the Chicago Cougars , Los Angeles Sharks , Michigan Stags , and New York Golden Blades .
Ryang Yong-Gi -LRB- born 7 January 1982 -RRB- is a North Korean football player . He plays for Vegalta Sendai and Korea DPR national team .
Andrew Manze -LRB- pronounce : `` MAN-zee '' -RRB- , -LRB- born Beckenham , 14 January 1965 -RRB- is an English violinist and conductor who is famous for performing music from the Baroque period .
The powerful winds damaged ten houses , including destroying the roofs of three , and blew out windows across the island .
Lindsay Ann Davenport -LRB- born June 8 1976 in Palos Verdes , California -RRB- is a former World No. 1 American professional tennis player .
Sugar cane stems are a major source of sugar .
The possum is an Australasian marsupial which was later introduced to China and New Zealand . There are about 69 species alive today .
Cadmium oxide is made by burning cadmium in air or reacting an alkali with any soluble cadmium salt .
Le Mesnil-Caussois is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
Amazing grace , how sweet the sound That savâ d a wretch like me !
The Miller and Urey experiment -LRB- or Ureyâ `` Miller experiment -RRB- was an experiment to make organic compounds out of inorganic ones by applying a form of energy .
Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria -LRB- 1640 -RRB- and L'incoronazione di Poppea -LRB- 1642 -RRB- form a brilliant end to his career .
Kevin Tighe returns as Anthony Cooper , Locke 's father .
The 2009 US Open was a tennis event played on an outdoor hard courts , held between August 31 and September 14 2009 at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows , New York City , New York , United States .
Bill Harry is an English author , from Liverpool . He went to college with John Lennon and Stuart Sutcliffe , who were members of The Beatles .
A lunar phase is a `` transformation '' that the moon goes through . Each lunar phase can be identified by the appearance of the moon and the time of the month .
Harrodsburg is a city of Kentucky in the United States .
He became a student at the Royal Academy of Music , studying under George Oldroyd .
Rabah Madjer -LRB- born 29 December 1958 -RRB- in Mascara , Algeria is a former Algerian football player .
In 1880 Antonio Bajamonti -LRB- the last Dalmatian Italian Major of Spalato under Austrian rule -RRB- developed an urbanization project of this city centered on the `` Riva '' , a seaside walkway full of palms based on the Italian Riviera models .
Diego ForlÃ n -LRB- born 19 May 1979 -RRB- is a Uruguayan football player . He plays for AtlÃ tico Madrid and the Uruguay national team .
Piquet told the FIA that it had been on purpose . He said had been asked by Renault team principal Flavio Briatore and engineer Pat Symonds to stage the crash .
There were 12 summer fish camps on the Yukon River between the Koyukuk River and the Nowitna River .
This skepticism can be either disbelief in philosophical solutions , agnosticism , or even rejecting the reality of the outside world .
The explosion killed 11 platform workers and injured 17 others .
He is known for his ascension to the NHL from being an undrafted player in the ECHL .
When a country starts making nuclear weapons , they become a nuclear power .
It links Stoke Newington to Liverpool Street in central London , and to Cheshunt and Enfield Town farther north .
At the yacht trip , Gregg , Jenn , and Katie were enjoying their massage therapy , and their loved ones -LRB- Gregg 's best friend , Jenn 's sister , and Katie 's brother-in-law -RRB- appeared as another reward .
Masashi Tashiro -LRB- ç '' ä '' # ã 3\/4 ã ã -- , born August 31 , 1956 in Saga Prefecture -RRB- is a former Japanese television performer and member of Japanese musical group Rats & Star .
Because the difference between right and left hands is well known and easy to observe , chemists call many pairs of enantiomers `` right - '' and `` left-handed . ''
In mathematics , a rational number is a number that can be written as a fraction .
This is due to higher yields and wider use in peanut butter and salting , as compared to Spanish types .
There is also a lot of documentation of the project . MARF and its programs are published under a BSD-style license .
Stepanakert -LRB- Armenian : Õ Õ Õ Ö Õ Õ Õ Õ Õ Ö Õ ; known as XankÉ ndi in Azerbaijan , and translated as Khankendi -RRB- is the capital city of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic , a de facto independent republic .
The Ohio buckeye is the state tree of Ohio .
Loire Atlantique is one of the 83 first departments of France created in 1790 .
The British gave Arnold a brigadier general 's commission with an annual income of several hundred pounds , but only paid him Â # 6,315 plus an annual pension of Â # 360 because his plot failed .
Some of them are the followers of Christianity .
Henry `` Huntz '' Hall -LRB- August 15 1919 - January 30 1999 -RRB- was a well-known American actor .
It includes parts of Wiltshire , Oxfordshire , Buckinghamshire , Berkshire , North Hampshire and West London .
Its entrance is marked by a square `` studio arch , '' much like a real Hollywood studio lot entrance might be marked .
The building was moved to its present location in 1832 . For many years it was a school .
The unit associated with the scale is called RÃ aumur , named after the physicist RenÃ - Antoine Ferchault de RÃ aumur who created it in 1731 .
Since 2001 , the Museum has embarked on a major Â # 150m renovation program which has seen a major overhaul of the departments including the introduction of newer galleries , gardens , shops and visitor facilities .
The finding discovered in 1985 in Turkana , Kenya , KNM WT 17000 -LRB- known as the `` Black Skull '' due to the dark coloration of the bone , caused by high levels of manganese -RRB- , is one of the earliest examples of robust hominids from Pliocene .
Indiana 's work often has bold , simple , iconic images , especially numbers and short words like `` EAT '' , `` HUG '' , and `` LOVE '' .
Yomi -LRB- é '' æ -RRB- , the Japanese word for the underworld in which horrible creatures guard the exits . According to Shinto mythology as related in Kojiki , this is where the dead go to exist and rot forever .
Pilot fish follow sharks because other animals which might eat the pilot fish will not come near a shark . In return , sharks do not eat pilot fish because pilot fish eat the parasites which feed off sharks .
Conventional power plants emit the heat created as a byproduct of electricity generation into the environment through cooling towers , as flue gas , or by other means .
A continent is a large area of the land on Earth that is joined together .
It was released on 6 August 1996 .
Symmetric-key algorithms are a class of algorithms for cryptography that use trivially related , often identical , cryptographic keys for both decryption and encryption .
despite many observations -LRB- 8 -RRB- . It has now been determined that Europa is a prograde rotator , but the exact direction in which its pole points remains unclear .
From 1891 he was Kapellmeister of the Royal Opera and conductor of symphony concerts in Berlin .
Yoshihiro Natsuka -LRB- born 7 October 1969 -RRB- is a former Japanese football player .
The Ohio State University has been noted by multiple publications as one of the highest ranked universities in the United States and in the world .
When a substance is heated , its constituent particles move around more quickly and by doing so generally maintain a greater average separation .
His most successful films are Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets , Mrs. Doubtfire , and Home Alone .
USB flash drives can be used to add more memory .
The product was launched in 1987 , in a carbonated format .
The pound sign is included within s-line so it is n't necessary .
Additionally , modern CPUs execution units are usually pipelined .
No further edits should be made to this discussion .
Its interior resembles that of western former Soviet nations with chandeliers hanging from the corridors .
Determining what records have enduring value is not always easy .
New renewable energy sources -LRB- small hydro , modern biomass , wind , solar , geothermal , and biofuels -RRB- accounted for another 2.7 % and are growing very rapidly .
The musicians live up to their reputation as fighting siblings by getting sidetracked into an argument over an incident that happened on a ferry .
V. That Man that shall strike another whilst these Articles are in force , shall receive Mosesâ s Law -LRB- that is , 40 Stripes lacking one -RRB- on the bare Back .
Hepburn was born in Hartford , Connecticut and went to Bryn Mawr College ; she got her degree in 1928 and started on Broadway that same year in Night Hostess .
Oda Nobunaga -LRB- June 23 , 1534 â `` June 21 , 1582 -RRB- was a Japanese daimyo .
This meant she dominated Hugo 's education .
Class 380 is the designation given to a class of electric multiple unit train that are to be built , for use on the national railway network in Scotland , in the United Kingdom .
Lee says in his autobiography that he is a fourth-generation Chinese Singaporean : his Hakka great-grandfather , Lee Bok Boon -LRB- born 1846 -RRB- , emigrated from the Dapu county of Guangdong province to the Straits Settlements in 1862 .
Rosnay is a commune . It is found in the region Pays de la Loire in the VendÃ e department in the west of France .
Daily prayers can be done anywhere . However , Muslims are expected to do their Friday prayer at the mosque .
Later , the inventor created a set of `` marks '' on the Ln scale to extend the range beyond the 2.3 limit , but Pickett never incorporated these marks on any of its slide rules .
Adams won the British Chess Championship in 1989 at the age of seventeen .
However , the policy of privatization was pursued .
After the constitutional amendment bill has passed both the parliament and the referendum , it then receives Royal Assent from the Governor-General .
For those , please use .
However , the insides of Great Dark Spots are mostly cloud-free , and unlike Jupiter 's spot , which has lasted for hundreds of years , their lifetimes appear to be much shorter , forming and disappearing once every few years or so .
New types of origami have been made because more people are making origami models .
Hans Enoksen -LRB- born 1956 -RRB- was the Prime Minister of Greenland .
In the end , Ninny goes to live with Evelyn and her husband .
He gave his first solo performance on 6 January 1933 playing the Brahms Violin Concerto with the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra .
Louisiana 's hurricane evacuation plan calls for local governments in areas along and near the coast to call for evacuations in three phases , starting with the immediate coast 50 hours before the start of tropical storm force winds .
Aarau capitulated after a short resistance , and was forced to swear allegiance to the new rulers .
Methanol provided a safer alternative to gasoline .
The highest elevation point is 243 m -LRB- 797 ft -RRB- on Dunstable Downs in the Chilterns .
Amish people forbid any sort of graven image , such as photos .
Coach Robert Neyland held Hickman in high regard .
90 active medical brigades were sent to the region to reduce the risk of infections to the affected people living in the destroyed area .
Beijing Normal University is the first normal university in China .
This made Sacramento a port town .
Throughout the series , Rowling wrote Harry Potter as a gifted wizard apprentice .
Each new county and district was divided into electoral divisions .
Lillian Lee McKim , nicknamed Lilly , was born on November 10 , 1931 in Roslyn , New York .
Oberrohrdorf is a municipality of the district of Baden in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The main use of tellurium is in alloys . It is used in iron , copper , and lead alloys .
The company is best known as a manufacturer of narrow and standard gauge diesel locomotives and also of steam shovels .
While the birthday attack attempts to find two values in the domain of a function that map to the same value in its range , the meet-in-the-middle attack attempts to find a value in each of the ranges and domains of the composition of two functions such that the forward mapping of one through the first function is the same as the inverse image of the other through the second function -- quite literally meeting in the middle of the composed function .
A typical short term goal of artivists is to reclaim public space , especially by subvertising or destroying ads in urban areas or city transportation systems .
Carter joined the Royal Navy in 1864 , working as an Assistant Clerk on different ships .
It moved northwest through the Bahamas on the 21st , and hit Cape Hatteras on August 24 .
33,647 people live in Green County as of the 2000 census .
Timothy Francis Leary , -LRB- October 22 , 1920 -- May 31 , 1996 -RRB- was an American writer and psychologist .
It has the chemical symbol In . It has the atomic number 49 .
Gellar left All My Children in 1995 .
Port Isabel and Brazos Santiago saw great destruction , while other towns had higher than normal tides .
Flair agreed , however , the Board also reserved the right to review the ownership status of the WWF following WrestleMania .
Mark Norell and colleagues analyzed a survey of coelurosaur fossils and suggested that dromaeosaurs were most closely related to birds , with troodontids as a more distant outgroup .
Traction motor refers to a type of electric motor . A traction motor is used to make rotation torque on a machine .
Some plant products have been found to be effective anti-pruritics , others not .
Ancient Angeln may have been somewhat larger than the Angeln of today , but following the ancient sources it included the territory of modern Angeln .
Unlike most century years , the year 2400 is a leap year and the first century leap year since the year 2000 .
A bow is sometimes not much more than a quick nod of the head , but it can be a very deep bow from the waist .
It was the fifth Vengeance event .
The side opposite to the right angle is the hypotenuse ; it is the longest side in the right triangle .
The basic conjugative plasmid is the F-plasmid , or F-factor .
Jan Aage FjÃ rtoft -LRB- born 10 January 1967 in Ã
Mineral exploration is a much more intensive , organised and professional form of mineral prospecting and , though it frequently uses the services of prospecting , the process of mineral exploration on the whole is much more involved .
The subclass Lissamphibia includes all recent amphibians .
The Fedora Project is an organization which develops the Linux distribution , Fedora .
One of his great loves was the artist Duncan Grant , whom he met in 1908 , and he was also involved with the writer Lytton Strachey .
This mineral 's metallic lustre and pale-to-normal , brass-yellow color have earned it the nickname fool 's gold because of its resemblance to gold .
These activities can provide sexual pleasure to a partner when penetrative intercourse is not possible or desirable for whatever reason .
He had a solo on Parker 's signature song , `` Now 's the Time '' .
`` Blitzkrieg Bop '' is a song by punk rock band the Ramones .
This is a list of U.S. states by date of statehood . It has the date when each U.S. state joined the Union .
Some people think that satirical novels in fantastic settings -LRB- places -RRB- such as Gulliver 's Travels by Jonathan Swift are speculative fiction .
p381 The Nile provided a plentiful source of fish .
South Africa was admitted to Test status in 1889 .
He loves her , and by offering her jewellery , and with help of a neighbor , Martha , Gretchen lets herself into Faust 's arms .
A heat pump forces the refrigerant to change from a gas to a liquid .
In 1945 she gave her first performance in a concert hall in Yokohama , at the age of eight . She used the name Kazue Misora , which her mother had proposed .
Thoth was considered the heart and tongue of Ra . He was also the one who translated Ra 's will into speech .
In the United States , white chocolate must be at least 20 % cocoa butter , at least 14 % total milk solids , at least 3.5 % milk fat , and less than 55 % sugar or other sweeteners .
Some parts of the riverâ s course must have been already in existence around this time .
It grew to about 20,000 articles , and 18 languages by the end of 2001 .
These and more triggered a series of events known as `` Bleeding Kansas '' .
Clay is partially dried and cast , molded , or hand worked into the desired shape .
Cameron 's wife Noble also starred in these movies , playing Hattie Durham .
In 1943 , during World War II , La Scala was badly damaged by bombing .
Teignmouth is a town in Devon , England . It is built on the north bank of the mouth of the River Teign .
Opium was shipped in over two thousand `` chests '' . Every chest had 140 pounds -LRB- 67 kilograms -RRB- of opium inside .
The Southern Skipperling is smaller -LRB- it is also the smallest skipper in the United States of America -RRB- . The underside of the bottom wing has a white ray across the width of the wing .
Microraptor was among the first non-avian dinosaurs discovered with the impressions of feathers and wings .
In 1961 , Veeck hired several dwarves and midgets , including Gaedel , as vendors , so as not to `` block the fans ' view '' of the game .
An estimated US$ 45 billion has been spent by the Saudi Arabian government for mosques and Islamic schools in foreign countries .
At Louis XV 's instigation , Philip was given Parma as Louise Ã lisabeth had frequently asked him to bestow territory on her husband .
She is married to Richard Leakey , the son of Louis and Mary Leakey .
Out of all the designs , the current red-and-white design by Christiansen narrowly won over a green-and-white Nordic cross by a vote of fourteen to eleven .
Taylor Pyatt -LRB- born August 19 , 1981 in Thunder Bay , Ontario -RRB- is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Phoenix Coyotes .
brands , while the remaining titles were made where they could only be fought for on their own brands .
Some religious groups do not allow uses of vaccines , and some political groups oppose mandatory vaccination on the grounds of individual liberty .
Jose was the tenth named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season which made landfall in eastern Mexico .
In human , trapezius muscle or trapezius is a large muscle that extends longitudinally on the upper portion of a human spine .
These tactics were to prove so successful in 1917 and 1918 that the French dubbed them `` Hutier tactics '' , although the more commonly used term today is `` infiltration tactics '' .
Wonderland is the second album by the British pop band McFly . It followed their debut album Room on the 3rd Floor .
It orbits Neptune at a distance of about 23,571,000 km and is about 42 kilometers in diameter -LRB- assuming albedo of 0.04 -RRB- .
Placards and posters existed from the ancient times .
The Court meets in its own building in Washington , D.C. However , until 1935 , the Supreme Court met in the United States Capitol .
Deauville is a commune . It is found in the region Basse-Normandie in the Calvados department in the northwest of France .
They include aluminium adjuvants , squalene , squalene and phosphate adjuvants .
After leaving Russia , Pavlova settled in Ivy House on North End Road , near Hampstead , where she lived for the rest of her life .
90,000 people are enrolled in the Romanian Army at last count : 15,000 civilians and 75,000 military people . Of the 75,000 military personnel in the Romanian Army , 45,800 are in the land forces , 13,250 are in the air forces , 6,800 are in the naval forces , and 8,800 in other areas of the military .
The Universityâ s central administration , foreign student office , and several research institutes are located within the old town . The new liberal arts campus , with its modern library , overlooks the city from the east .
Cattle are also fed oats , either whole , or ground into a flour using a mill .
The match was won by Cena after he made Mahoney submit .
Both of these ingredients have a strong , pungent smell often associated strongly with mothballs .
Four hours later Tropical Storm Marilyn became Hurricane Marilyn .
The plantain leaves often add an aroma to the dish .
Derby Tramway was tram system that serverd the city of Derby -LRB- then a town -RRB- , England .
Fewer than 100 troops left the base area to go to Omsk . Those 100 worked as administrative staff for 1,500 British troops who were helping the White Russian government of Admiral Alexander Kolchak .
A section of seawall 10m -LRB- 33 ft -RRB- long was also eroded near the track .
Studies compiled by Robert Costanza in the 1990s argued strongly that even just considering the most basic seventeen of these services , the combined value of the ecosystems of the earth was worth more -LRB- US$ 33T -RRB- each year than the whole human exchange economy -LRB- US$ 25T -RRB- at that time -LRB- 1995 -RRB- .
The University grew out of a group of scholars in the city of Cambridge . Early records suggest that this happened in 1209 by scholars leaving Oxford after a dispute with local people there .
The remnants of Tropical Storm Henriette continued to track across west Texas and southeastern New Mexico as it was being absorbed by a cold front moving through New Mexico .